and uh let's take a look at the other
developments now in this war Israel has
been expanding its ground assault deep
into Gaza on several fronts while
continuing to pound the strip with air
strikes satellite images and reports
from the ground show Israeli troops
invading the territory from Three
locations in the north and east the
Kasam brigades such the military wing of
Hamas uh have been putting up resistance
along with the Palestinian Islamic
jihad's alud Brigade Israeli tanks have
been SE south of Gaza City on the main
saladine road linking the north with the
South Israeli media says the military is
trying to reach Al rashed Street along
the coast if it succeeds the Gaza Strip
will be effectively cut
into and as that's happening Israeli
forces are also attacking here in the
South with a continued and intense
bombardment around can
Yunis now hamas's military Wing has
released video showing its fighters in
confrontations where Israeli troops the
video is apparently filmed near B
hananon inside Gaza Fighters are seen
shooting at Israeli positions let's
bring in Al jaz's Alan Fisher now who's
joining us live from occupied East
Jerusalem Alan first of all uh what are
the Israelis saying about the this
attack on the jambala refugee
camp there has been very little reaction
from the Israelis in the last couple of
hours what we have heard from is the man
who is the National Security adviser he
has said that there obviously a
continuing battle going on in Gaza uh he
earlier in the day the Israeli Army
spokesman said that they were fighting
face Toof face that it was going to be
long that there obviously would be
casualties and they were aware of that
as far as the long-term planning is
concerned the National Security adviser
said that uh they were discussing what
would happen on the day that's been
described the day after Hamas and he
said that that is still a long way off
he was also talking about the possible
exchange of prisoners uh he said that
Qatar had been involved in that and they
had been very good in in that process
but he claimed that Qatar had realized
that Hamas were not dealing fairly with
this and in his view there was no
exchange of prisoners pending anytime
soon there's been Fierce fighting deep
inside Gaza what more do we know Alan
about the Israeli ground offensive there
so
far uh it is an intense battle that
tanks and infantry are involved in these
exchanges deep into to Northern Gaza we
also know that in Israel there has been
a number of of attacks coming from Yemen
and and they've been claimed by the
huthis first of all in the early hours
of this morning there was a a drone that
was heading over the Red Sea towards uh
Israel we are told that it was taken out
of the sky by aircraft and then there
was a land toand missile which the
Israelis say was Iranian maid that was
fired by the huies it was heading uh
towards one of the coastal towns that
are being used essentially to H to House
people have moved out of the area around
Gaza normally elat has a population of
60,000 it's around double that at the
moment
120,000 and it was taken out the the
missile was taken out of the the sky uh
by the AO defense system which is the
top level we've all heard of Iron Dome
but the arrow missile defense system
hasn't been used since 2017 when a
Syrian missile was shot down it's clear
that the Israelis are concerned about
the number of fronts they're fighting on
obviously there's the intense battle H
going on in Gaza there are problems in
the northern border with attacks from
Hezbollah and now the huies have started
firing missiles and drones towards
Israel which will give them some cause
for concern as we move further and
further into this conflict Alan thank
you very much for that Alan Fisher with
the latest air from occupied East
Jerusalem